Look, when it comes to these capsules
and this whole experiment,
I immediately felt such a pull
and I was sure that when the experts
assemble these groups here and
select people based on different criteria,
so that the tallest, fastest,
strongest, and smartest get on the boat,
the most important thing is forgotten -
our spirit
The whole world is full of faster and smarter people
but what would this world become if only they were allowed
It would start to strongly resemble breeding of purebred dogs
All the effort would go into increasing numbers
Continuous growth, growth, growth...
Economic model, the end of an economic model
Why the hell to grow this world
if there's nothing inside?
Dear friends, we take care of this,
whatever the developments may be,
whatever decisions are made,
the Estonian remains in this melting pot
We take care of it so that in a couple of years
you don't have to go to a science lab
to watch the last Estonian behind glass
We persist in holding onto what makes us us,
what defines us
Dear friends, let's take these smart ones out
and I'll activate some questions for you,
so we can understand how well or
similarly we think about Estonia